# Bitsy-Game-Aevum

When it comes to my reasoning and purpose for Aevum, I mostly focused on the idea of fulfillment and reaching the steps it takes to get that fulfillment. As a transformative experience, Aevum takes the player through a multitude of spaces designed to philosophically poke and prod at the player's own ideas of fulfillment and the steps to get there. Using many different perspectives, the player has total control over who they interact with, and in some cases, have choices in what views they can view depending on what they interact with in the environment, and gain new perspectives from interacting with certain things in the environment. My goal with this project overall was to in a sense, immerse the player within the game space and in their own thoughts about this central idea, and through symbolism, cryptic or not so clear dialogue, and allegory and real life examples, get the player to think about their own lives and take meaning from these many and sometimes not so clear perspectives and and representations of those perspectives and ideas. Plus, giving the players a difference in space as allegories of fulfillment was part of Bitsy that really helped convey different views and spacial tones of how people can deal with this idea, and in some parts, subvert the environment with the actual messages to create a more interesting space and show how these views can even pop out in bright spaces, showing their pervasiveness and ability to penetrate and part of our lives, whether we are in a mostly happy state or negative state of mind at that time. It is through all of these affordances and design aspects that I use in order to give people a more varied idea on the concept of fulfillment and getting there through trials and steps one takes. Many hold a certain view on what fulfills them, and I want to really mess with those held views, so I can show them the real scope of how varied that idea is, and to ask them if their’s will really lead to fulfillment and happiness. Weather it be through room changes, conditional dialogue with alternate ideas, changing spaces to give off different views on fulfillment and the happy and dark aspects of it, or just straight up dialogue asking questions and presenting many aspects of the idea, each part of Aevum is meant to make the player question, and in turn, get them to maybe see if they want to add or get rid of some aspects of their own idea of fulfillment. However, do not take my game as trying to make a clear answer, for the concept is varied and has no right or wrong. What it does have is specialties and specifics to each person, and maybe some aspects work for some, and others don't. That in the end is what the game is. A simple varied view and if I may, a poetic and symbolic presentation on the idea of fulfillment and the struggle or ways to get there for people. Will you come out with some new perspective or idea, or will you stay the same? I don’t know, it's all in the eye of the beholder, you are your own person and I am not here to tell you a concrete idea with simple to follow ideas. 
